hello guys welcome on our channel today
you're gonna see princess Courtney from
new movie Barbie and Rock n Royals and
this time she's gonna sing in German
in this a big musical Barbie stars as a
princess Courtney a mother princess
whose work turn upside down when she
switched places with Erica a famous rock
star two very different worlds collide
when a mix-up sends princess Courtney to
camp pop and Erica to Camp royalty while
the leaders of the rival camps try to
correct them except both Courtney and
Arica learn to reduce the different
worlds and have fun while making new
unexpected friends you have seen this
though and our other videos but this
time Courtney sync in German as you can
see she has beautiful princess gown with
some silver elements and a lot of gems
and she also has silver crown and the
microphone when she puts a microphone up
her dress gonna change and we're gonna
hear the song
we can also push that gem on her
necklace
I'm sure that every girl gonna love this
beautiful doll you can put her on the
stage and make incredible show for your
friends if you like to have princess
Courtney get in our store on mega disk
and a pl where we can simply order her
thanks for watching and see you next
time